Add new LMOVE and BLMOVE commands deprecating [B]RPOPLPUSH (#1347)
redis/redis-doc: commands/lmove.md

Atomically returns and removes the first/last element (head/tail depending on
the `wherefrom` argument) of the list stored at `source`, and pushes the
element at the first/last element (head/tail depending on the `whereto`
argument) of the list stored at `destination`.

For example: consider `source` holding the list `a,b,c`, and `destination`
holding the list `x,y,z`.
Executing `LMOVE source destination RIGHT LEFT` results in `source` holding
`a,b` and `destination` holding `c,x,y,z`.

If `source` does not exist, the value `nil` is returned and no operation is
performed.
If `source` and `destination` are the same, the operation is equivalent to
removing the first/last element from the list and pushing it as first/last
element of the list, so it can be considered as a list rotation command (or a
no-op if `wherefrom` is the same as `whereto`).

> The command `RPOPLPUSH` is equivalent to this command with `wherefrom` as
> `RIGHT` and `whereto` as `LEFT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command comes in place of the now deprecated `RPOPLPUSH`. doing `LMOVE RIGHT LEFT` is equivalent.
```
